## Meeting-5: Google Season of Docs Office Hour 2020-09-24

### Links
Official Meeting Google Docs Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QL-THyvX8LcDflWS9D6EzWcKk2a8vXUR72xHoRuFf0k/edit?usp=sharing

### Attendees
* Matt Snell - Results back - It’s a negative
* Aastha
* Xiaoya 
* Jaskirat Singh - Sick since last 2 days
* Georg


### Agenda
Google Season of Docs (GSoD) updates

### Meeting Notes
* (Weekly) How’s it going?
* Create a CHAOSS Community-wide Handbook
  * Design Documentation
    * Checking in with Wireframes and UI Projects
      * No history in GrimoireLab
      * Ad-hoc development cycle
      * Reviewed by community
      * [Logo Specification](https://chaoss.github.io/website/About/Media/CHAOSS_Logo.pdf)
        * Example of a reference for the design
  * GitBook Link for community handbook Design section: https://chaoss-project.gitbook.io/community-handbook/design
    Design workflow page: https://chaoss-project.gitbook.io/community-handbook/design/design-worklfow
    CHAOSS visual identity page: https://chaoss-project.gitbook.io/community-handbook/design/chaoss-visual-identity
  * Next goal: Development Docs
* Build Documentation for CHAOSS D&I Badging Project
  * “Apply for a Badge” section - https://app.gitbook.com/@chaoss-project/s/badging/applying-for-a-badge
  * Submission form additions - including more metric based questions - possibly starting from Family Friendliness
* Translation
  * Had a Quote from GitLocalize
    * Mandarin Chinese to start
    * Metrics translations
* Question
  * Why is our (CHAOSS) design cycle built the way that it is?
