## Meeting-6: Google Season of Docs Office Hour 2020-10-01

### Links
Official Meeting Google Docs Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QL-THyvX8LcDflWS9D6EzWcKk2a8vXUR72xHoRuFf0k/edit?usp=sharing

### Attendees
* Xiaoya Xia
* Jaskirat Singh
* Aastha B.
* Matt G
* Georg Link


### Agenda
Google Season of Docs (GSoD) updates

### Meeting Notes
* (Weekly) Howâ€™s it going?
* Create a CHAOSS Community-wide Handbook
  * Development Contribution guidelines: https://chaoss-project.gitbook.io/community-handbook/development
  * Contributing workflow: https://chaoss-project.gitbook.io/community-handbook/development/contributing-worfkflow
* Build Documentation for CHAOSS D&I Badging Project
  * In person event checklist link: https://github.com/badging/event-diversity-and-inclusion/blob/additions/.github/checklist.md
  * Finding a more standardised way to name checkbox initial phrases or structuring them.
    * Naming the phrases in bold as statements. Example: Measuring Demographics changed to Demographic Measurement
  * Updated participant questions gitbook link (In-person event): https://app.gitbook.com/@chaoss-project/s/badging/applying-for-a-badge/apply-for-in-person-event
  * Adding more to the Virtual Event Checklist:
    * Considering more factors for inclusivity - potentially developing a metric for Virtual Event timezones.
* Tangent
  * Grimoirelab in Hacktoberfest: https://blog.bitergia.com/2020/10/01/grimoirelab-joins-hacktoberfest-2020/
  * Potential future work: Bringing handbook / Badging docs under the same domain


